Add support for custom table row classes based on the record (#3485)
laravel-filament/filament: packages/tables/docs/02-getting-started.md

If you'd like to [override the URL](columns#opening-urls) for a specific column, or instead [run a Livewire action](columns#running-actions) when a column is clicked, see the [columns documentation](columns#opening-urls).

> ## Row appearance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Record classes
```

> To change the appearance of rows conditionally on the record data, you may add the `getTableRecordClassesUsing()` method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may want to conditionally style rows based on the record data. This can be achieved by specifying CSS classes to be applied to the row using the `getTableRecordClassesUsing()` method:
```

The `getTableRecordClassesUsing()` method may return a string or an array of classes that need to be applied to the row.

```php

> <?php

Reviewer: Let's keep this example simple and have it contain just the method (like the record URL example above).

> ## Row appearance

Reviewer: This should be moved just below the `Record URLs (clickable rows)` section.
